I speak
indeed
cla vim
I think
nothing
my name is ol stephanie else g 44 years old I'm married and I have three
children
I fell on it
in fact the 14 year old
when i was in senegal
so I started with chopin senegal motocross
so now there is
it's been thirty years then they are passionate about the greens
I went through all the deserts a bit to realize it at
know that is the Libyan desert where the Egyptian desert
last Tuesday
it's the rally of the pharaohs
when we are great the fun where he proves I did a race to the old ones
what I know is not on stage
with marigot that had rolled to the dakar in 94
So here is China preparing for a new a new raid a new
rally
put on the market
winners at the level of
from Egypt so I said to myself we can Egyptians I finish this
scene yet categorical old all that had to start from
98 years old
so suits them or not every two years I will make Morocco the afp the
first was tunisia then morocco egypt and libya and so the
rally starts with raoul it's a rally jeff bridges now we have two
children with them this ancient justly
not angry ride on a motorcycle and his verve 13 years
it's in Senegal with the map
I had a friend who puts a small machine
cross
right now I was passionate about this place I climbed on for
100 euros and I felt like I'm like a fish in the water
you must also know that it was
the low ridges that is to say the pink lake where the arrival of paris dakar
where there are plenty of unesco
and generous was the click the motorcycle
what do you want to please me in e liga of things in fact
in the off-road bike itself it's that feeling of great freedom
on the other hand not to see rolling where we want to the speed that we want it
it's the first thing
the second it is true that I suffer the motorcycle
with the landscapes and especially again for them the desert
because
i can tell you that it's extremely loud levels filled with surfing power
in the dunes
to be able to ride on a track without his knowing any obstacle and it's true that
as I said just now when we set foot once
in enduro 20 in the desert necessarily produce
the paradox is that I'm not scared
compared to the falls though
on sale since I am
and god knows that I fell in the sand I scared the world of a
good last rally precisely% in egypt simply because
the anecdote eric that the second special I wanted to follow someone
that everyone knows in the middle of the rally called franck au
piccolo
simply because I had seen that this character knew me
perfectly the Egyptian ground
thinking that I was
best of the world and I said to myself we will alleviate that is to say that I have not
put a lot of gasoline or motorcycle gp
jj miller meaning to enforce these rules according to what our friend says
franco picot was lost
and that I was about 500 meters to the minot who did not have it
seen
so we missed the CP of the special result I continued and I got
lost in the desert alone and especially I broke down
gasoline
it was at 8 o'clock in the morning
it's a great moment of loneliness I think I'll remember it all
my life is one of the reasons besides why I was at enduro massa
because there are not two
2this is sex and arrow
%
the satellite phone the marl rang that from 17 pm
that is to say that 2 o'clock in the morning until 17h we are all alone
% and I had my three liters of water of course
no it was fenoyl organizers I know he would have done everything for me
find but I can tell you when the phone rang I was happy
on the other hand he had descended 200 kilometers further down so we came
look for me
with a kaka late at 9 pm
in euros per year of birth I have 200 square kilometers of a case arrived
at the bivouac at 2 am falling several times because in addition
as I had an 83 year old motorcycle had simply forgotten to put the
light above
it was the 4 4 ​​that leclerc me and
against the current is an exceptional memory but against it is true
that it's the biggest fear of my life
it will never stop to continue
the thing is sure that 11% and also sign a little reason why I
talk about 50 tests to limit speed
because in the rally what is it's a difficult moment it's
will follow both on the ground
everything that goes down
the pieces that that
see his product in power his gps there again in the course of
the enduro massa leave with a motorcycle completely scorpions
eric especially you do not need to have your eyes fixed on the gps on
the roadbook you are by his boss on the site the rally of Morocco the
next day is exactly
and besides that specified in the sense that for me it's called
a loop
that is to say, we speak a little fixed we make loops all around this
benefit of this reprieve
at the same time we still enjoy a little bit those of this environment
we still see
and especially
e for me who is passionate about driving in the sand
we take advantage of two years of this piloting precisely you know this track
I can tell you that it is extremely
it's really very very beautiful world to ride in the exit track and its
to come up
you're going to take advantage of it we take the time to
enjoy even if compared to driving even if it is not
necessarily in relation to anything that can tell us around
the competition side is something that pleases me enormously%
a goal the mixed reviews I like we are always happy
front is in any case try to always
catch up with the next 25 to 44 years now it's no longer time for
the poorest young first I mean
this is the reason why
he judges young people are physically preparing
seriously judd hirsch with this physical preparation because for
hundred by going on endurance massa with my acquaintance
desert and especially driving in the sand
lizotte weather
a place in the top ten
in the es8 scratch shade in the five-year category in the three
first
the qualities you need
above all, it's passion
it's passion to be passionate
when enthusiasts anyway the rest of canopies
the technique where learning is by dint of driving anyway that
will take a number of techniques one can possibly to
one hundred percent accelerate undergo these trainings do internships but the nerve
of the war it remains and will always remain the passion
m
indeed
vim
8:10 p.m.